Lust is bad
But I didn't expect it to end up like this today
As the saying goes, but it's a good thing
Mo Wen Qiancheng
Don't be obsessed
Otherwise
In the end, he didn't even have a chance to put down the butcher's knife
Go and collect the bodies of those monsters
Things are finally settled
Shoucheng, let's go
Brother Shoucheng
This is happening in the Qin family now
It is impossible for our two sisters to marry into the Qin family
So let's get ready for the wedding later
Ah, you two dead girls
Zhang Shoucheng?
You can also let my daughter of the Qi family marry you
But first take the money to defend the city
Wuyi Gao Qiang will not be short of money
It's mom
You just wait to congratulate us on our wedding
Sorry Jing'er said
I can't agree to your marriage
Why is that?
Birthday brother
Don't you like us? Zhang Shouchang
It's not easy for our Qi family to let go
Let your two daughters marry you
You don't know what's good or bad
I think Mr. Zhang is helpless.
What the hell is going on with the injury?
Are you hiding something from us?
What is this?
What!
That monster just now
Called the Immortal Defending the City Emperor Realm
Could it be that he is really a fairy?
That's not possible.
Zhang Shaotang, what's going on?
Aren't you just a porter?
How did you get involved with the immortals?
Don't worry
Listen to the book and come to the door
Brother Cheng, why do you seem to be leaving us?